《亲爱的小鱼 Dear little Fish》查看《亲爱的小鱼 Dear little Fish》书评和最新更新以及相关书籍推荐请到《亲爱的小鱼 Dear little Fish》专题网址http://www.xiabook.com/shaoer/3107/ 
下书网  http://www.xiabook.com，最有文艺气息的文学网站，提供经典的文学名著、武侠小说、言情小说、人文社科类书籍在线阅读，所有TXT电子书手机免费下载阅读，我们提供给您的小说不求最多，但求最经典最完整



Dear little Fish

www.56wen.com
dear little fish, i love you so
i’ll feed you bread so you will grow.
each day, i’ll give you one sweet kiss
and promise you i’ll never miss!
but on the day , my dear little fish,
you grow too big for your small dish.
i will take you to the sea,
and in one move, i’ll let you free.
how you’ll be so glad to go,
but dear little fish, i’ll miss you so.
i will wait all through the day
to see if you turn’ round this way.
and i will wait all trough the night,
to see if you come back in sight.
oh! i will throw my only hat
to see if you will bring it back
and the first joy that i will see,
is when you bring it home to me.
your back will be my favourite boat,
and together we will sail and float.
over the river and cross’ the sea,
to a small island with a palm tree.
there we will both live and play,
“catch the hat” by night and day.
and i will know your love for me
for you came home when i set you free.

www.ｌzuＯＷＥＮ．ＣＯＭ



My friend the Moon

ｗｗｗ．ｘｉａｂｏｏｋ．ｃｏｍ
alone at sea in the indaco night,
i found a moon slumbering tight.
i called out his name so his dreaming would end,
“dear mr. moon, would you be my friend?”
he happily came right down to my boat,
“how oddly, “ he said, “you keep you afloat.”
“i am swinging on a star,
and i think it much better, much better by far!”
and the moon began to rock and sway,
to show he had a better way.
he even did a great back flip,
which had always been his favourite trick.
but then string tore with a snap!
“oh dear!” i cried, “what a mishap!”
he fell right down in a quick flash,
and hit the water with a splash!
he began to sink and did not stop,
til all i saw his moon-top.
but then he showed a great knack,
for floating up on to his back.
but i could not just watch him float,
so helped him up into my boat.
i took my towel and dried him off,
so that he would not catch a cough.
and then i began to row to shore,
so that he could dry some more.
and somehow got him trough the door,
with a touch of magic to be sure!
then we sat and sang together,
“lady blue”
and
“stormy weather.”
and how we twirled all night,
just me and moon, what a sight!
we danced until our feet were sore,
we danced until we could no more.
then we sat and read a book,
and mr. moon loughed’till his belly shook.
we cooked together, then ate a bite,
and wished each other a fond “goodnight”
and while he slept i sailed again,
to see if i could find another friend;
in the middle of the sea,
mr. sun smiled down to me.
my new friends woke to find each other,
as friend and friend, brother and brother.
and together we now live and play,
day and night, night and day!

wwＷ．7wenxue.com



Goodnight Little Moon

下 /书 /网
high up above in the blue starry sky,
the moon read two birds a soft lullaby.
soon one by one they drifted to sleep,
‘til there wasn’t a chirp or one little cheep. 
when the moon saw they both were at rest,
he took his big book and covered their nest.
the moon tiptoed back into the dark night,
to keep his sweet chicks safely in sight. 
but later that eve, the little moon heard,
the twitter and chirp of a new baby bird.
and as he crept to the nest for a peak,
the little moon saw a third chirping beak!
why, they weren’t asleep.
not a single, sole one!
they were laughing and playing and having such fun.
now the little moon was so glad that he came,
and climbed in the nest for a little bird game. 
but soon the moon had a very great thirst,
and wanted to have a little drink first.
the three baby birds found a bottle to spare, 
and filled it with milk for the four to share.
but the moon was so thirsty he took a big sip,
and as he leaned back, he started to slip! 
he stumbled and tumbled right over the brink,
before he could grab on, before he could blink!
and before his new friends could count up to three,
the moon fell right back, right out of the tree!
he dropped like a stone through the dark starry sky,
and the little birds hoped he knew how to fly.
but the moon hit the hard earth right on his back,
and the three little birds heard a great “craaaack!”
one piece flew left and the other flew right,
‘til the poor little moon was nowhere in sight. 
the three little birds flew down to the ground,
and saw him all shattered and scattered around. 
why the poor little moon couldn’t whimper or yelp,
so the three little birds called out for some help!
and soon from the sky came all their fine friends,
to piece him together and help make amends.
together they found each little moon part,
and mended him up with love and with heart.
gently they held him and lifted with care,
and carried him high up, high up in the air.
the three little birds flew back to their nest,
and lay the moon down to get some good rest. 
and as the moon drifted so softly to sleep,
he heard a sweet chirping, a soft little cheep.
for the three little birds read a sweet lullaby,
high up above, in the blue starry sky. 
andré dahan
----------------------------
high above in the starlit sky, the moon lulls two birds gently to sleep.
but with the arrival of a new little chick, bedtime seems far away.
the moon and his three little friends laugh and play throughout the night.
but soon a humpty dumpty mishap ends their games.
now, the little birds must help piece the moon together and get him safely to bed.
with its enchanting imagery and adorable, rhythmic text, goodnight little moon continues andré dahan’s grand tradition of irresistible bedtime stories.
dahan perfectly blends vivid imagination with the warmth of true friendship. in bold and bewitching color, dahan captures the magic of this unlikely friendship with tenderness, warmth, and wit.
a perfect lullaby for the young and young at heart alike.
andré dahan is an international award-winning painter, illustrator, and author of several children’s books.
the world of art enters his work, inviting the reader to seek adventure and understanding in his vivid color and surreal portraits.
andré dahan speaks tenderness and friendship, while giving rise to a smile when least expected. dahan lives in paris with his wife and daughter.

wwＷ．lzuｏwen.com

下书网 手机端免费下载txt http://m.xiabook.com ，最有文艺气息的文学网站，我们提供给您的小说不求最多，但求最经典最完整